# 4.0 — Abacaxi al Cioccolato

## Reason for Absence

I am very sorry for the long absence, mainly @gusbemacbe's. I am just a graphic designer, I am afraid of playing with `git` commands because I used to break my projects, therefore, better I left my projects in @gusbemacbe's hands. I'll explain the reason for his absence.

Due to COVID-19 pandemic, his living situation suddenly changed, and he was unable to access necessary computer equipment and account information to work on the project. He sends his apologies for the delay, and is happy to be back on top of things!

## What's New?

Since February 9, with contributon of @Bonandry's branch `beta` and @gusbemacbe's branch `gusbemacbe`, it has been 221 commits ahead:

### Additions

#### Apps

- 36 apps icons have been added:
  - Alacritty (#52)
  - Calligra Karbon
  - Celluloid (#51)
  - Cool Retro Term (#50)
  - Drawing (from @maoschanz and #51)
  - Figma
  - GabTag
  - GNOME Extensions (#51)
  - Microsoft Exchange
  - Microsoft Teams (#51)
  - OnlyOffice (#51)
  - Photoflare
  - Pyzo (#46)
  - Visual Studio Code (#51)

#### Devices

- 5 devices 16px icons have been added.
- 54 devices scalable icons have been added.

#### Mimetypes

- 153 mimetypes 16px icons have been added.
- 166 mimetypes scalable icons have been added.

#### Places

- 138 places 16px icons have been added.
- 1646 places scalable icons have been added.

#### Status

- 6 status 16px icons have been added.
- 13 status scalable icons have been added.

### Modifications

#### Apps

- 158 apps have been modified and updated for improvements:
  - Asunder
  - Audacious
  - Audacity
  - Cheese
  - Configurator App
  - DarkTable
  - DConf Editor
  - Dropbox
  - Emule
  - Etichetta (Tag)
  - Evolution
  - Firefox
  - Foursquare
  - Gimp
  - gThumb (#47)
  - iBus
  - Imagination
  - Ingranaggio (Gear)
  - LibreOffice
  - Microsoft
  - MPV (#45)
  - PDF Arranger (#47)
  - PCSX2
  - Puddletag
  - Registratore (Virtual assistant)
  - Scanner
  - Snap Store
  - SoundRecorder
  - Strumenti (Settings)
  - Todoist
  - Torrent
  - Totem
  - Ubuntu One
  - USB
  - Vim
  - Windows
  - Xterm

#### Devices

- 9 devices 16px icons have been modified.
- 8 devices scalable icons have been modified.

#### Mimetypes

- 44 mimetypes 16px icons have been modified.
- 60 mimetypes scalable icons have been modified.

#### Places

- 1 places 16px icons have been modified.
- 2 places scalable icons have been modified.

#### Status

- 15 status 16px icons have been modified.
- 4 status scalable icons have been modified.

### Improvements

- Numberous broken symlinks have been corrected;
- Fixed misspelling of `emmoltes/emotes` at the file `index.theme` (#39);
- Corrected KDE-unsupported SVG functions in the icons;
- Fixed inheritance of Yaru++ (#44);
- Yaru++ folders have been reorganised;
- All Yaru++ icons have been reorganised and re-symlinked correctly. 

### New Functions

- Added 67 new folder categories (#25):
  - Activities
  - Android
  - Apple
  - Applications
  - Atom
  - AUR
  - Bitbucket
  - Missed Bookmarks
  - Bookmarks
  - CD/ISO/Raw Images
  - Configuration/Tools
  - Design
  - Development
  - Dictionaries
  - Dropbox
  - Electron
  - Favourites
  - Fonts
  - FreeDesktop
  - Games
  - Git
  - Github
  - Gitlab
  - GNOME
  - Go
  - Google Drive
  - Heroku
  - Icons
  - Important
  - Insync
  - Intellij
  - Invoice
  - Java
  - Javascript
  - Kotlin
  - Library
  - Linux
  - Locked
  - Log
  - macOS
  - Mail Cloud
  - Mail
  - Maths
  - Mega
  - Network
  - NodeJS
  - OneDrive
  - OwnCloud
  - PCloud
  - Photos
  - PHP
  - Print
  - Private
  - Python
  - Recent
  - Script
  - Search
  - Steam
  - TAR
  - Torrent
  - Unlocked
  - VirtualBox
  - Visiting
  - VSCode
  - Wi-Fi
  - Wine
  - Yandex Disk
- Added 15 new folder colours (#25). 

#### kYaru++

It is a new icons theme designed to be compatible with Kvantum and Qt5ct, in reference to #32. 

#### Yaru++ Color

Based on original Yaru's colourful 16px, 24px, 32px and 48px icons, it is derived of Yaru++ but with colourful 16px, 24px, 32px and 48px icons. 

#### Yaru++ Minimal

In reference to #48, derived of Yaru++ Color and Yaru++, it is a minimal icons theme with only third-party icons and excluding the icons that already exist in the original Yaru icons themes. It inherits from the original Yaru icons theme. It does not include the folder colors. It has just 11.5MB, while the full Yaru++ has 71.2MB.

#### Yaru++ Smooth

Derived of Yaru++, but 24px icons are symlinked to 16px, and 32px and 48px icons are symlinked to scalable icons, so they are free of sharpness, in reference to #35. 